okay I'm doing a little revised part on
part two for the eighth and the ninth
and tenth edge that edges that you cared
you know after you have all the ones on
top and all the ones on bottom I
realized that I was in kind of a hurry
cuz i was running out of time so i guess
i showed you harder ones and there are
easier once you can get so i'm going to
show you those now and yeah i'm not in a
hurry this time so hopefully i'll do it
right so I don't confuse everyone now
you can connect them you know how you
connect them like this if you connect
them like that like if you have to
already connected and then you have like
one close to it like really close like
and so this is closed so you can connect
it like that and you'll see why it has
to be closed because you know you can't
replace it with an unsub lawyer because
there's no one solved bladers up there
what you got to do is got to put an
unsub like up there from here like that
and then you connect what does enhance
be close okay so then you connect yours
say you have edge start and then like
the other ones you just replace it with
the unsub layer and fix the centers like
that and you fit up to salt but really
you only got one just got to replace
this and let's see I can get another one
real quick to make sure you get it and I
can I'm lucky okay here's another one
who are these two are set up and this
need to be going right here remember
what you got to do is to place the top
with an unsolved way like that connect
them and do it like you would go to end
sunlight and then fix the centers and
then you can only have to UM oh well on
salt and this is explained in part 3
i'll just do it real
there we go and then impaired you anyway
hope this helps and questions are coming
please um post and please subscribe
thanks for watching bye